Complexity: 6
Presenting the Mystery
Present this mystery at the top floor of The Candlelight
Booksellers, during the weekly meeting of the Murder
Mavens mystery book club.
Paint the Scene: As the camera pans around the loft where
you hold your Murder Mavens meetings, what do we see that
shows how you have personalized the space?
Just as their meeting is ending, the Mavens are approached
by Brindlewood County’s chief law enforcement oﬃcer,
Sheriﬀ Wyman Dalrymple. He tells them that, several nights
ago, a wealthy financier, Albert Krause, was dragged out of
the bay, dead. Mr. Krause and his family were on a yachting
vacation and their boat is presently anchored a quarter mile
from shore. The surviving Krauses—wife Amanda, eldest
daughter Sara, son David, and youngest daughter Emily—as-
sert Mr. Krause was drunk and simply fell overboard. Sheriﬀ
Dalrymple suspects foul play but hasn’t been able to turn
anything up. The body is currently being held in a cold
storage at the fish market until it can be shipped back to
Boston for the funeral.
Establishing Question: You met one of the Krause children
several years ago. What were the circumstances around that
meeting?
Suspects
Sheriﬀ Wyman Dalrymple, an oﬃcial
Jowly, paunchy, speaks with a permanently exasperated tone.
Without anything to go on, he’ll have to let the Krauses raise
anchor and leave. He’s reluctant to ask the Murder Mavens
for their help, but he knows they have had some success
solving cases in the past.
Quote: “Believe you me, no one is more frustrated about
having to ask for help from a bunch of old biddies than I am!”
Dad Overboard
Amanda Krause, the wife
Thin. Graceful. Well-dressed. Naturally, she’s upset about the
death of her husband, but she seems equally distraught
about how all of this might aﬀect the 4th Annual Warrior’s
Ball, an upcoming charity event for veterans suﬀering from
testicular cancer that she’s hosting a week from now.
Quote: “It’s just like Albert to go and get himself killed when
I’m on the precipice of charity fundraiser greatness! The man
could be so self-involved!”
Sara Krause, a daughter
Frumpy. Hand-wringy. Easily cowed. She’s a homemaker
with three little ones back in Boston. She seems to be the
only person who is genuinely upset about Mr. Krause’s death.
Quote: “Do you really think someone could have murdered
my father? It’s—it’s too horrible to even contemplate!”
David Krause, the son
Snippy. Avant-garde fashion sense. Can’t be bothered. David
is eager to return to running his art gallery back in Boston.
He has nothing good to say about his father.
Quote: “I’m reminded, of course, of the great performance
artist Gao Bai, who was so committed to his work, he threw
himself from the top of a five-story building—the ultimate
artistic expression, if you ask me. If only my father’s death
could have been so significant. He lacked vision.”
Emily Krause, a daughter
Withdrawn. Computer nerd. Somewhat awkward. Seems
indiﬀerent to her father’s death. Very preoccupied with an
ongoing conversation she’s having online.
Quote: “Umm… can we put a pin in this for a sec? I just have
to reply to this DM real quick.”
Andrew, the butler
Gray hair. Fastidious. Eloquent. Andrew is doing his best to
look after the Krauses during this tumultuous time. He
seems to dote on Amanda the most.
Quote: “Madam, the dinner table for this evening is set-up on
the forecastle and awaiting your inspection.”
Etienne Beauregard, a fishmonger
Silver beard. Hale. Warm. Etienne is an old friend of the
Krauses, and has agreed to store Albert’s body as a kindness
to the family.
Quote: “I’d do anything for the Krauses. Everything I have in
this world is because of them. When they told me they
needed somewhere cold to store Albert’s body, I was more
than happy to make room between the cod and the pollock.”
Paint the Scene
The Regal Lady, the Krause family yacht
As you step aboard the yacht, what do you see that indicates
these people have more money than they know what to do
with?
Brindlewood Bay
It’s a busy time of year in Brindlewood Bay. In what ways are
the tourists making it diﬃcult for you to conduct your
investigation?
The fish market
What do you see that reminds you why you love the fish
market? Or, what about this place makes you hate coming
down here?
Clues
 A blood-soaked rug.
 Family pictures, discarded.
 A mis-reported detail about the time of Albert’s death.
 A wristwatch set to the wrong time.
 A diary entry: “I just can’t take it anymore.”
 A small handgun, like you might keep in a purse.
 Stock certificates in a strange hiding place.
 Piles of receipts for extravagant purchases.
 A guest list for an upcoming Krause family party, with one
name conspicuously crossed out.
 An attempt to collect a debt.
 An argument between two Suspects on the deck of The
Regal Lady; the words they’re saying are unclear.
 An antique vase—a family heirloom—shattered.
 A love letter from a young military vet.
 An expensive diamond earring, its mate missing.
 A cod with a rat stuﬀed in its mouth.
 A sequence of numbers written on a slip of paper.
 Documents that call into question the paternity of a child.
 Instructions to cut someone out of a will.
 A taboo love aﬀair.
 An expensive samoyed, missing.
Void Clues
 A fish, dying, strange purple ooze seeping from its beady,
black eyes.
 At first, the growling, repetitive noise of some machine, but
upon further inspection, the sound of chanting coming
from somewhere dark and down below.
 Strange tattoos that seem to shift position when you look
at them again.
 A group of people gathering and praying near the spot
where Mr. Krause’s body was found. They will not interact
with anyone, and disperse if someone gets too pushy.
 A fish, seemingly dead, speaks a single word: “Void.”
 Nighttime shadows appear to plume and swirl, like ink
dripped into a glass of water.