THIS IS NOT TO BE REPLICATED
This is for reference, but much of it must be translated into a format that can be used with llms agents in a simulation setting.

BRINDLEWOOD
BAY
A Dark & Cozy Mystery Game by JASON CORDOVA
Many thanks to the designers whose work helped inspire this game’s procedures and
mechanics: Vincent Baker, Meguey Baker, Avery Alder, Oli Jeffery, Becky Annison,
Joshua Fox, Marshall Miller, Michael G. Barford, and Jesse Ross.
Thanks to the following playtesters: Fraser Simons, Tyler Lominack, and Oli Jeffery.
And thanks to everyone who gave feedback during the development process of the game.
Art by Cecilia Ferri and layout by Jesse Ross.
BRINDLEWOOD
BAY
Overview & Setting
5
Structure of Play
7
Anatomy of a Character Sheet
9
Rolling Dice
12
Moves
14
The Keeper
18
Session 1 Procedure
34
Overview & Setting
Overview
Brindlewood Bay is a roleplaying game about a group of elderly women—
members of the local Murder Mavens mystery book club—who frequent-
ly find themselves investigating (and solving!) real-life murder mysteries.
They become increasingly aware that there are supernatural forces that
connect the cases they are working on and, in particular, a cult dedicated
to the dark, monstrous aspect of the goddess Persephone will come to vex
them.
The game is directly inspired by the television show Murder, She
Wrote, but also takes inspiration from the works of H.P. Lovecraft, “cozy”
crime dramas, and American TV shows from the ‘70s, ‘80s, and ‘90s.
The Setting
Brindlewood Bay is a small coastal community in Massachusetts. A whal-
ing town in the 18th and 19th centuries, it is now largely a tourist spot.
Many locals have turned their homes into bed & breakfasts, and the town
has antique shops, comfy dining spots, and artists and artisans of all kinds.
Guided fishing trips are common.
The Murder Mavens
The Murder Mavens is a small mystery book club that has been meeting
on the top floor of The Candlelight Booksellers every Saturday evening for
the last ten years. The Murder Mavens are particularly fond of The Gold
Crown Mysteries series by Robin Masterson, featuring the globe-trotting
super-sleuth, Amanda Delacourt.
The Mavens themselves are all elderly women whose partners have
passed away and whose children have long flown the nest. Now, they’re
enjoying their golden years in the picturesque town of Brindlewood Bay,
keeping their homes the way they like, pursuing their hobbies, and finding
comfort and companionship in each other.
The Mavens are also amateur detectives, and by the time the game
starts, they have helped local police solve several high profile crimes.
Sometimes people approach them to get their help on a case, but usually
the Mavens just stumble onto it—much to the chagrin of the authorities,
who almost always resent their meddling.
5
Overview & Setting
The Midwives of the Fragrant Void
Why are so many murders taking place in and around Brindlewood Bay?
And why are the Murder Mavens always around? Some have speculated
that the Mavens must be committing these crimes themselves and using
their knowledge gained from mystery books to frame others. But that, of
course, is ridiculous. In fact, the reason Brindlewood Bay is the focus of so
much death is because it is geographically and historically significant to a
dark cult called the Midwives of the Fragrant Void.
At the start of the game, the Mavens don’t know anything about the
Midwives, but we do: they are a nihilistic cult of men and women dedicated
to bringing forth the “children of Persephone,” chthonic monstrosities that
will usher in the End of All Things. Their interest in Brindlewood Bay is
an historical one: in the late 19th century, a whaling ship crew accidentally
slew a child of Persephone, believing it to be a whale, and sold its parts to
museums all over the world. The wealth generated from that particular
voyage was used to build the town of Brindlewood Bay into what it is today.
This intimate connection to a child of Persephone makes Brindlewood
Bay a place of power to the Midwives of the Fragrant Void.
As the game progresses, the Mavens will become ever-more-aware of
the supernatural connections between the murders they are investigating,
and will eventually come to understand the role of the Midwives of the Fra-
grant Void. They may begin to dabble in the occult in order to combat the
dark forces arrayed against them, come face-to-face with a child of Perse-
phone, or even be tempted to join the Midwives themselves.
6
Structure of Play
Structure of Play (Session Two and onward)
The following structure of play applies to every session starting with Session
Two. Session One has its own structure, which can be found at the end of
this text
Mystery Recap
Mysteries that are not resolved by the end of a session carry over into
the next session, and there can be multiple mysteries active at any given
time. The Keeper will spend a few minutes re-capping where each active
mystery stands at the beginning of each session, with an emphasis on the
Clues that have been found for each.
Resolve Cliffhangers
If the previous session ended with one or more cliffhangers, resolve them
with regular play. Continue regular play until some downtime is reached
in the story, at which point you should continue to the next step, the Begin-
ning of Session. If the previous session did not end with any cliffhangers,
skip this step and go straight to the Beginning of Session.
Beginning of Session
This is a short housekeeping phase in which players mark new End of
Session questions (if they wish) and resolve moves that take place at the
beginning of a session.
Cozy Vignettes
Each player narrates a short vignette showing their Maven enjoying her
life in Brindlewood Bay. These scenes should be light and breezy or warm
and cozy; they should show the Maven enjoying her hobbies, helping with
a community project, or working around her home.
The Keeper Presents a New Mystery
The Keeper will frame one or more scenes in which a new murder mystery
is introduced to the Mavens. The Keeper will also inform the players of the
mystery’s complexity rating, from 6 to 8. The presentation will always in-
clude an establishing question that closely ties one or more Mavens to the
mystery. If there are already three active mysteries, skip this step.
7
Structure of Play
Investigation
The bulk of the session will be taken up by the Murder Mavens’ investi-
gation of one or more active mysteries. The players can pursue any leads
their Mavens might be interested in, or they can request downtime scenes
in which we see the Mavens bonding with each other or members of the
community.
Crown Scenes
There are two special sections on the character sheet: The Crown of
the Queen and The Crown of the Void. When text from those sections is
marked during play, the player of the Maven in question must do as the text
instructs. This frequently means narrating a very specific type of scene.
Players can narrate such scenes whenever they wish, but must do so be-
fore the End of Session (see: Anatomy of a Character Sheet > Putting on
a Crown).
End of Session
The character sheet has a section called End of Session. At the end of the
session, each player should read aloud the questions they have marked
there. For each one they answer “yes” to, they mark an XP (see: Anatomy
of a Character Sheet > End of Session Questions; XP Track).
Stars & Wishes
The Keeper and players should take a few minutes to share their stars and
wishes. Stars are things about the session the participant enjoyed. Wishes
are things they hope to see in the next session. Stars & Wishes is a tech-
nique by Lu Quade.
8
Anatomy of a Character Sheet
Anatomy of a Character Sheet
The following sections encompass the relevant rules for each part of the
character sheet and are addressed to players.
Name
You should circle any given name you wish and then come up with a sur-
name on your own. Alternatively, you can come up with both given name and
surname.
Style
The chosen style should reflect the Maven’s basic outlook on life. The Ma-
vens don’t always have to be dressed in a manner that matches their style.
Cozy Activity
The Maven’s cozy activity represents their favorite hobby or pastime. No
two Mavens can have the same cozy activity.
End of Session
These questions represent roleplaying goals for the session. You can have
three questions marked, and the first question on the list is always marked.
For each marked question you answer “yes” to at the end of the session,
mark an XP. At the beginning of a new session, you can unmark your two
elective options and mark two different ones, or leave either or both the
same.
XP Track
When you mark all five boxes on the XP track, erase them whenever you
wish and mark an advancement (see Advancements, below). There are
two ways to mark the XP track: 1) by answering “yes” to an End of Session
question and 2) when the text of a move instructs you to.
Advancements
When you mark an advancement, immediately apply its effects to your
character sheet. When all advancements have been marked, your Maven
can no longer collect XP or advance, but they are in play until forced to
retire by The Crown of the Void or until you decide to retire them (see
Putting on a Crown).
9
Anatomy of a Character Sheet
Abilities
These are the character attributes that are applied to most die rolls.
Use Vitality if your Maven’s action involves strength, dexterity, endurance,
athleticism, or raw physicality.
Use Composure if your Maven’s action requires a steady hand, a calm
disposition, or intense concentration; or if they are trying to avoid a fear-
based reaction.
Use Reason if your Maven is studying books, researching a problem, ex-
amining a crime scene, or otherwise engaging their mental faculty.
Use Presence if your Maven is trying to charm someone, intimidate some-
one, or capture someone’s imagination.
Use Sensitivity if your Maven’s action involves supernatural forces; the
Keeper may decide that any action that is seemingly governed by a differ-
ent ability is actually governed by Sensitivity because of the supernatural,
spiritual, or occult nature of what is being undertaken.
Conditions
Conditions are negative traits that cause you to make die rolls at a disad-
vantage if they would feasibly hinder your Maven during an action (see
Rolling the Dice). You can have up to three conditions. If you would ever
take a fourth condition, you instead mark one of your Crowns (see Putting
on a Crown). Conditions are removed as the result of moves or when the
Keeper instructs you to do so.
Maven Moves
Unlike the basic moves on the Reference Sheet, a Maven move can only be
used if you have it written on your character sheet. The Maven move is one
of the ways you personalize your Murder Maven.
10
Anatomy of a Character Sheet
Putting on a Crown
The next section of the character sheet is divided into two parts: The
Crown of the Queen and The Crown of the Void. You will occasionally be
instructed to “put on a Crown,” in which case you read the specific instruc-
tions on the character sheet and then mark a box from one of these two
sections. You must then do as the marked text instructs before the current
session ends.
The Crown of the Queen represents the idea of your Maven as a woman.
The text involves flashbacks to her life as a partner, mother, and sister; and
present-day scenes that show her being romantic or sexual, or having a
complicated inner life. The entries can be marked in any order.
The Crown of the Void represents the effects of the dark conspiracy on
your Maven. The text is always marked in order, and the last box heralds
your Maven’s retirement from the game.
A Cozy Little Place
This section of the character sheet is where you note interesting and dis-
tinctive items that can be found in your Maven’s home in Brindlewood Bay.
This section also functions as an equipment list, since anything from the
Cozy Little Place that might reasonably be on a Maven’s person in a scene,
is. Items from your Cozy Little Place can be marked to get an advantage
on a die roll (see Rolling the Dice). Generally-speaking, they cannot be
un-marked, but marked items remain in your Cozy Little Place for use in
future scenes, in which case they add to the fictional positioning of your
Maven’s actions but do not convey a bonus to a die roll.
At the beginning of Session One, you and the other players will have
an opportunity to add items to your Cozy Little Place. After that, items can
be added as the result of moves or when the Keeper instructs you to do so.
11
Rolling Dice
Rolling Dice
In Brindlewood Bay, only players roll dice, and so this section is addressed to
them.
2d6 + ability modifier
In most cases, when you roll dice because a move instructed you to do so,
you roll two 6-sided dice, sum them, and then add the modifier from the
relevant ability. You then check the result against the text of the move. If a
move refers to a “hit,” it means a result of 7+. If a move refers to a “miss,” it
means a result of 6-.
Advantage
When you have an advantage, you roll three dice, keep the two highest,
sum them, and then add the modifier of the relevant ability. You will most
often have an advantage because of the following:
• A move gives you an advantage.
• Your Maven is using an un-marked item from the Cozy Little Place in
their action.
Disadvantage
When you’re at a disadvantage, you roll three dice, keep the two lowest,
sum them, and then add the modifier of the relevant ability. You will most
often be at a disadvantage because of the following:
• A condition negatively impacts your Maven’s action.
• The Keeper believes it’s appropriate under the current circumstances.
Advantage and disadvantage?
If circumstances would cause you to both have an advantage and be at
a disadvantage during an action, they cancel each other out and you roll
as normal. Please note, however, that advantage and disadvantage do not
“stack,” nor can one outweigh the other. For example, if you have two con-
ditions, each of which would plausibly put you at a disadvantage, and one
Maven move that gives you an advantage, you would simply roll as normal,
without advantage or disadvantage.
12
Rolling Dice
The Crown and die rolls
In Brindlewood Bay, the Keeper will always go hard against you because
you have a tool that allows you to resist their moves: putting on a Crown.
After a die roll, and after an outcome has been narrated, you can choose
to put on a Crown and increase your die result by one tier (so, a miss
becomes a 7–9, a 7–9 becomes a 10–11, and a 10–11 becomes a 12). In
that case, we narrate a different result, and what was previously narrated
does not occur (we say it was a different timeline that we got to collectively
experience but that did not actually happen).
An example:
Oli’s character, Hyacinth, is attempting to escape the clutches of an angry
mobster she has just revealed to be the murderer in a case. Oli triggers a
move, rolls his dice, and gets a miss. The Keeper describes how the mob-
ster catches Hyacinth and throws her off a cliff—to her death—to prevent
her from bringing her evidence to the police. Oli decides he doesn’t like
this outcome and puts on a Crown, making his die result a 7-9. This time,
Hyacinth escapes but drops a piece of information the mobster can use to
track her down later.
You may be asking yourself: “Why does the Keeper fully narrate a result
that they know the player is just going to discard by putting on a Crown?”
Answer: because it’s fun! The Crown lets us glimpse different timelines,
play them out, feel them, experience the anguish and terror, and then...
do something different. It’s sort of like one of those old Choose Your Own
Adventure books: part of the fun is making the wrong choice so you can
see the disaster that befalls your character (and putting on a Crown is like
putting your thumb on the page of those old books, so you can go back and
choose something else if you chose poorly).
13
Moves
Moves
There are two types of moves: basic moves and Maven moves. Mavens
have access to all the basic moves in addition to one or more Maven moves
specific to them. Where the text of a Maven move contradicts a basic move,
the Maven move has priority. The Maven moves can be found on the Maven
Moves sheet. The basic moves can be found on the Reference Sheet and
are discussed below.
The Day Move
When you do something risky or face something you fear, name what
you’re afraid will happen if you fail or lose your nerve, then roll with an
appropriate ability.
On a 10+, you do what you intended or you hold steady; describe what it
looks like.
On a 7–9, the Keeper will tell you how your actions would leave you vul-
nerable, and you can choose to back down or go through with it. If you go
through with it, the Keeper describes what it looks like.
On a 12+, you do what you intended or you hold steady, and the Keeper
will tell you some extra benefit or advantage you receive. Describe what it
looks like.
The Day Move is a catch-all move for actions that take place during the day.
The Keeper has final say on which ability is used for the roll.
The Night Move
When you do something risky or face something you fear, name what
you’re afraid will happen if you fail or lose your nerve. The Keeper will
tell you how it is worse than you fear. You can choose to back down or go
through with it. If you go through with it, roll with an appropriate ability.
On a 10+, you do what you intended or you hold steady; describe what it
looks like.
On a 7–9, you do it or hold steady, but there is a complication or cost; the
Keeper describes what it looks like.
14
Moves
On a 12+, you do what you intended or you hold steady, and the Keeper
will tell you some extra benefit or advantage you receive. Describe what it
looks like.
The Night Move is the catch-all move for actions that take place at night.
Since taking action at night is more dangerous than doing so in the day, the
Night Move is written to have more perilous outcomes for the Mavens than
the Day Move. The Keeper has final say on which ability is used for the roll.
The Meddling Move
When you search for a clue, conduct research, or otherwise gather infor-
mation, describe how you’re doing so and roll with an appropriate ability.
On a hit, you find a Clue. The Keeper will tell you what it is.
On a 7–9, there’s a complication—either with the Clue itself, or a compli-
cation you encounter while searching. The Keeper will tell you what the
complication is.
On a 12+, you also find a Void Clue OR you learn something about the dark
conspiracy in Brindlewood Bay (Keeper’s choice).
The Meddling Move is the main way a Maven turns up Clues. The Med-
dling Move is written to cover all types of information-gathering actions,
and the ability used for the roll should match whatever action is taken.
So, for example, if a Maven is gathering information by sweet-talking a
local law enforcement official, her player would roll with Presence. If they
are gathering information by silently listening to a conversation they ar-
en’t supposed to hear, her player would roll with Composure. If they are
digging through books at the local library, they’d roll with Reason. And so
forth. The Keeper has final say on which ability is used for the roll.
The Cozy Move
When you have an intimate moment with another Maven while one of
you is engaged in your cozy activity, choose two from below if it’s your
cozy activity. Otherwise, choose one.
• You may ask the other player a question about their Maven which they
must answer truthfully and completely.
• The other Maven agrees on a particular course of action, or give them a
condition if they refuse.
• Clear an appropriate condition (can be chosen twice).
15
Moves
Alternatively, if it’s your cozy activity, you may:
• Stumble on a Clue relevant to an active mystery. Tell the Keeper what it
is. The Clue cannot conclusively solve the mystery by itself.
This move serves several practical purposes, such as clearing conditions,
but is principally designed to show the close relationship between indi-
vidual Murder Mavens, as well as giving a glimpse into their lives in the
community of Brindlewood Bay.
The Gold Crown Mysteries Move
Once per game, when any Maven says “This reminds me of something
that happened to Amanda Delacourt!”, work with the other players to
describe how something that is happening in the situation reminds the
Mavens of an event from one of The Gold Crown Mysteries. At a minimum,
you must provide the following information:
• The name of the Gold Crown Mystery in question (no repeats, please!).
• The problem or situation Amanda found herself in that is similar to what
the Mavens are experiencing.
• How Amanda eventually overcame the problem or resolved the situation.
Then, take a 12+ to a single relevant roll OR state a fact about the current
situation that the Keeper must incorporate.
The Murder Mavens share a love for the Amanda Delacourt novels penned
by the mysterious author, Robin Masterson, and will frequently refer to
Amanda’s travails when investigating mysteries of their own. This move is
very powerful and, generally-speaking, can only be used once—total—per
session.
The Occult Move
When you engage in an activity related to the supernatural or the occult
for the first time, imagine what your actions would look like as a move.
Say what triggers the move and roll with Sensitivity.
On a hit, it works; work with the Keeper to write the move—it is now a
move all Mavens can use for the rest of the game and your roll stands.
On a 7–9, you must also mark The Crown of the Void.
On a miss, it’s not something the Mavens can ever do and you also mark
The Crown of the Void.
16
Moves
At the beginning of the game, the Murder Mavens have little to no famil-
iarity with the occult, and they are entirely unaware of the dark conspiracy
of the Midwives of the Fragrant Void. But as the game progresses, they
will become more attuned to the deeper mysteries, and may even begin to
dabble in the occult themselves. This move helps cover those situations
and creates new moves based on what the Mavens undertake. But beware!
This move is incredibly dangerous, as even a hit can push the Maven one
step closer to retirement.
Theorize
When the Mavens have an open, freewheeling discussion about the
solution to a mystery based on the clues they have uncovered—and
reach a consensus—roll plus the number of Clues found (not including
Void Clues), minus the mystery’s complexity.
On a 10+, it’s the correct solution. The Keeper will present an opportunity
to take down the culprit or otherwise save the day.
On a 7–9, it’s the correct solution, but the Keeper will either add an un-
welcome complication to the solution itself, or present a complicated or
dangerous opportunity to take down the culprit or save the day.
On a 6-, the solution is incorrect, and the Keeper reacts.
On a 12+, a person involved in the dark conspiracy of Brindlewood Bay
also reveals themselves to the Mavens.
Theorize is a very fun move, and meant to simulate those great scenes
in mystery stories where the protagonists are puzzling aloud about who
might have done it. Note that it doesn’t matter who rolls Theorize when the
time comes. Also, Theorize is not subject to any modifiers on the die roll
(Advantage, the effects of The Gold Crown Mysteries Move, etc.) nor can it
be affected by putting on a Crown.
17
The Keeper
The Keeper This section is addressed to whoever will be the Keeper for your game of
Brindlewood Bay—that is, the person responsible for presenting mysteries,
describing environments, portraying non-player characters, and depicting
how the world reacts to the actions the Murder Mavens take.
Your Role
This is a game about solving mysteries. You’ll present the basics of a mur-
der mystery to the player characters, who will conduct an investigation,
gather clues, and ultimately bring the culprit to justice. If you have played
other tabletop roleplaying games where the characters solve mysteries,
much of Brindlewood Bay will feel familiar. However, there are three signif-
icant differences with most of those games you need to be aware of: 1) the
clues are not located in specific places, and, in fact, can be found wherever
the Mavens are looking; 2) you don’t have any notion who the killer is until
the Mavens successfully do the Theorize move; and 3) the murder myster-
ies aren’t the real mystery—there’s a layer beneath them, a dark conspiracy
that you will develop and track through multiple sessions of play.
In addition to presenting the murder mysteries and managing the dark
conspiracy, you are generally responsible for portraying the world around
the Murder Mavens. This means you give voice to non-player characters
they interact with, you describe elements of a scene when needed, you
challenge them with dangers and obstacles, and you show how the world
reacts to the actions they take.
Anatomy of a Mystery
What follows are the elements that make up a Brindlewood Bay mystery.
You can use mysteries published for use with Brindlewood Bay, or make
up your own following this structure.
Title
The name of the mystery. Feel free to share this with the players. A good
title will include a pun or some other groan-worthy joke.
Complexity
A number between 6 and 8 that represents the relative length and difficulty
of the mystery. For local or shorter mysteries, 6 or 7 is appropriate. For
mysteries that extend to places outside Brindlewood Bay or are particular-
ly complex, 8 is appropriate.
18
The Keeper
Presenting the Mystery
These are the details the Keeper needs to explain to the players when be-
ginning a new mystery. This section frequently indicates the manner and
place in which the Mavens learn about the mystery, usually through one or
more scenes. In most mysteries, you will also be required to introduce the
Suspects during this process.
Establishing Question
This is a question posed to one player character shortly after the presen-
tation of the mystery. The goals are to personalize the mystery for one of
the Mavens, to give the group more of a reason to be invested, and to give
the player answering the question a chance to shape the events to come.
Suspects
These are the non-player characters who are most likely to turn up during
the mystery (though it is certainly not an exhaustive list). Each Suspect has
a name, three descriptive details, a short explanation of their personality
or role, and a quote to inspire your roleplaying. For mysteries with a com-
plexity rating of 6 or 7, a cast of seven or eight Suspects is appropriate. For
mysteries with a complexity rating of 8, a cast of nine or more Suspects is
appropriate, with twelve as the upper limit.
Paint the Scene
Paint the Scene is a Keeper technique wherein you ask the players, some-
times out-of-character, a question about an environment or location that
helps explore a theme or idea associated with that location. The Paint the
Scene locations are likely to be prominent in the mystery. For a mystery
with a complexity rating of 6 or 7, three or four Paint the Scene locations
is appropriate. For a mystery with a complexity rating of 8, four or five
Paint the Scene locations is appropriate. Typically, you pose the Paint the
Scene question to the players when their Mavens first enter the associated
location.
Clues
These are uncovered by the players’ use of the Meddling Move (and, more
rarely, the Cozy Move and certain Maven moves). When the time comes to
reveal a Clue, simply circle one on the mystery sheet and work it into the
fiction. A mystery should have at least twenty possible Clues.
19
The Keeper
Void Clues
These are special clues the Mavens may discover during their investiga-
tion. These Void Clues have no direct bearing on the mystery’s resolution.
Rather, they are meant to show the influence of the Midwives of the Fra-
grant Void and their dark conspiracy. When the time comes to reveal a Void
Clue, simply circle one on the mystery sheet and work it into the fiction.
You may also want to track the number of Void Clues discovered on the
dark conspiracy sheet. A mystery should have at least six possible Void
Clues.
20
The Keeper
Keeper Principles
This section explains the general principles you should bear in mind when
running a game of Brindlewood Bay. You will occasionally find yourself
in a situation that isn’t explicitly covered by the rules or where you need
to make up something on the fly. So long as you are following the Keeper
principles, your improvisations will come across as authentic and fair.
Advice for specific moves and game circumstances will be given later
(see Detailed Keeper Advice).
Play to find out what happens
You have a mystery, a cast of Suspects, and a list of Clues, but none of
it is set in stone. Be willing to let the session unfurl on its own terms. If
a player has a cool idea that doesn’t quite match what’s on the mystery
sheet, go with it. In fact, many parts of the game will explicitly challenge
your preconceived ideas—answers to establishing questions, answers to
Paint the Scene questions, the Gold Crown Mysteries move, and Theorize,
to name a few—so be flexible and ready to incorporate things you hadn’t
considered.
Make the world and everyone in it seem real
Describe the world in sensory-rich detail. You have some help here: the
Suspects in a mystery each come with three descriptive details and notes
on how to play them, and key mystery locations have Paint the Scene
questions to help enrich the scene. Use these as a foundation for how you
approach everything in the world. Give non-player characters not listed
among the Suspects three descriptive details to bring them alive; think
of your own Paint the Scene question for a location that takes on sudden
importance.
Be a fan of the Mavens
This doesn’t mean “let them win.” It means “give them challenges that
make you root for them.”
Sometimes, disclaim decision-making
You are co-creating the story with the players. Let them chime-in to flesh
out the world, describe things they see, and get invested in what’s happen-
ing. Also, when you aren’t sure how to react to the result of a move, ask the
table for advice.
21
The Keeper
Keep it cozy
This is a very important principle for capturing the feel of the game. Don’t
let dangerous scenes take up the whole session, and don’t always focus on
the grim details of the murder or the dark conspiracy. Reveal and discuss
those things as needed, but always return to the soft, cozy aspects of the
setting: cut to the day when appropriate, showing the Mavens living their
lives in Brindlewood Bay; encourage the use of the Cozy Move, especially if
a Maven has a condition; and ask lots of questions about the Mavens’ lives
in this charming little town.
Make nighttime dangerous
And yet, any scenes at night should be heightened by a sense of dread
or pregnant with grim portent. In this game, the main characters can be
placed in direct, physical danger, which is a departure from the cozy crime
dramas that inspire it, but necessary for it to have real stakes—and appro-
priate, considering the dark conspiracy that underpins the story.
Keep dangerous characters occluded
The Mavens will frequently be put in physical danger before they have
solved a mystery. It’s very important that any time a character threatens
the Mavens, their identity is unknown—to the Mavens, to the players, and
to you. They must always stay in the shadows, be wearing a disguise, or
simply be a character the Mavens can’t identify. To do otherwise would risk
saying too much about the solution to the mystery.
Of course, once the Mavens have engaged the Theorize move, you can dis-
regard this principle for the mystery in question.
Present the Void in a matter-of-fact way
Void Clues and the unfurling conspiracy of the Midwives stand in sharp
relief against the cozy backdrop of Brindlewood Bay. The temptation is
to present these things in a “scary” manner—perhaps with exaggerated,
Vincent Price-esque mannerisms. Unless you feel particularly confident
in your ability to be “scary” at the table, you should present creepy things
in a calm, measured, matter-of-fact way. That calm, plain presentation will
itself stand in contrast to the things being described, which is its own kind
of creepy. The players’ imaginations will do the rest.
22
The Keeper
Keeper Reactions
You will frequently be asked to define and narrate complications resulting
from a die roll, or otherwise “react” to a situation. Generally-speaking, a
good reaction is one that complicates a Maven’s life in an interesting way
and follows logically from the established fiction. If you can’t think of a nat-
ural reaction based on what’s happening in the fiction, choose a reaction
from the list below, modifying as needed.
Separate the Mavens
The Mavens will usually want to stay together, so complicate their lives by
separating one or more of them from the group. Are the Mavens looking
around a creepy old mansion? Perhaps one of them enters a one-way se-
cret passage. Are they getting nosy in the middle of a swanky cocktail par-
ty? Have a guest come whisk one of them away. Are they snooping around
a private yacht? Maybe a shadowy figure locks one of them in a cabin. The
important thing is that whatever happens next to the separated Maven(s)
should be fascinating or perilous.
Kill a Suspect
Nothing will get the Mavens’ (and players’) attention like having a Suspect
turn up dead. This reaction is particularly effective if the Mavens were
starting to narrow in on this character as the perpetrator of the original
murder that kicked off the mystery. Note that this is a very strong Keeper
reaction, and really only appropriate as the result of a missed roll.
Inflict a condition
This a trusty, go-to Keeper reaction for nearly any situation. A condition
is a one-word adjective or short phrase, and it should follow directly from
whatever just happened in the fiction. For example, if a Maven got side-
swiped by a car peeling away from a crime scene, you might give them the
condition “Banged-up.” If they just had a very frustrating, condescending
conversation with Sheriff Dalyrmple, you might give them the condition
“Irritated.” If they are having a little too much fun at Abner Vidal’s Hal-
loween party, you might give them the condition “Had one too many.” A
condition can be cleared by the use of the Cozy Move, or simply because
you think it’s appropriate given the circumstances.
23
The Keeper
Put a Maven in danger
“Danger” can mean physical danger or something else. Is a Maven sneak-
ing into a warehouse after hours? Maybe a shadowy figure trains a gun on
her and tells her to go back where she came from. Are the Murder Mavens
tagging along with a fishing tour in order to question the tour operator?
Maybe a powerful storm suddenly appears on the horizon. Is a Maven a
contestant on the Jolly Good Baking Show? Maybe the custard for her tarte
tatin isn’t setting properly.
Show a Maven being killed
Kill a Maven! It’s totally fine. Make it gruesome, if you want. The players
can always put on a Crown to get a fictional do-over. Note that this is a very
strong reaction that is only appropriate as the result of a missed roll, and
even then only if it was adequately telegraphed to the player beforehand
(see Detailed Keeper Advice, The Day Move and The Night Move).
Remove an item from their Cozy Little Place
Just like inflicting a condition, this is a very dependable, go-to reaction for
many situations. Essentially, if they were using something from their Cozy
Little Place, have them lose it—it breaks, is stolen, is misplaced, etc.
Have an official show up
This reaction is a very important genre convention and should be used
liberally. The idea is that an official, usually a member of local law enforce-
ment, shows up and interferes with the Mavens’ investigation in some way.
Note that we use the term “official” very loosely here—anyone with author-
ity over the situation will do. A nosy maitre’d can be just as troublesome in
a fancy restaurant as a surly detective can be at a crime scene.
Cut to commercial
This is a very special Keeper reaction, one that pays homage to the tele-
vision shows that inspired the game, and suggests that Brindlewood Bay
is, itself, a television show. Here’s how it works: if a Maven undertakes a
perilous or dramatic action that provokes a die roll, and that die roll is a
miss, you can say “Let’s cut to commercial!” before the outcome is narrat-
ed. Then, give the player of the Maven a short prompt related to the sorts
of things that might be advertised to elderly people, or people who are
at home in the middle of the day, such as “furniture store,” “Life Alert,”
“sweepstakes,” or “personal injury attorney.” The player may then narrate
24
The Keeper
a commercial inspired by the prompt. If they do so, return to the regular
scene and allow the player to narrate the outcome as if they had rolled a
10–11.
This Keeper reaction is actually a powerful benefit to the players, so be
judicious with how often you use it—once per session is plenty.
Detailed Keeper Advice
This section contains advice for specific moves, rules, and procedures. You
can easily run Brindlewood Bay using only the Keeper principles and re-
actions above, but the following will significantly enrich the experience for
you and your players.
The Day Move and The Night Move
The Day Move and The Night Move are going to get rolled for the vast
majority of non-investigation actions requiring a die roll, and so you need
to have a good understanding of how they work, how they differ from one
another, and when to trigger them.
The first thing you need to be aware of is that these moves do not have
miss conditions in their text. Should a player roll a miss, they most likely
fail in the action they were taking, but not necessarily—it’s up to you wheth-
er they fail or succeed. In either case, you will perform a Keeper reaction.
In general, this Keeper reaction should be stronger (or harder) than the
complication or cost they might have incurred on a 7-9, and it should flow
logically from the established fiction.
Another thing to understand here is that these moves are a negotia-
tion between player and Keeper. The player tells you what they are afraid
will happen if they should fail the roll. You are free to disregard what the
player has offered when considering how to react—especially if the player’s
suggestion is soft or nonsensical—but if they have given a good, genuine
answer to what they are afraid of, you should do your best to incorporate it.
Doing so sends a signal to the player that this is a collaborative storytelling
process, and they’ll be eager to give you some good stuff to work with in
the future.
The Night Move has a slight wrinkle: after the player says what they’re
afraid of, you must tell them how it’s worse than they fear. Again, when
saying how things are worse, you can disregard what the player suggested
if what they suggested was too soft, but do your best to riff off what they
give you. Another important aspect of “telling them how it’s worse” is being
honest about how it’s worse. If it’s possible for the Maven to sustain a seri-
25
The Keeper
ous injury, tell them that. If it’s possible for a Maven to be killed, tell them
that. They have the option of backing down after you say how bad it’s going
to be but before they actually roll. If they roll, get a miss, and then you show
their Maven being killed when you didn’t previously tell them this was a
possibility, the player is going to feel cheated.
One final thing about The Day Move and The Night Move: they trig-
ger whenever a Maven is facing something they fear. This is a somewhat
passive use-case (and thus easy to forget), but a very important one for a
game that has horror elements. The Mavens will witness things that are
shocking or horrifying, and depending on how they handle themselves in
that moment, things could get very sticky for them. Trigger The Day or
Night move to see if they can keep it together (in most cases, they will be
rolling with Composure).
The Meddling Move
This move is a critical part of the engine that makes this game go—if the
Mavens aren’t gathering Clues, they aren’t getting any closer to solving
mysteries, and the story comes to a complete halt. The important thing
to understand here is that you should be very generous when interpreting
what counts as triggering this move. Sometimes it will be very obvious: if
a Maven is poking around someone’s home, they are definitely doing the
Meddling Move. Other times, it will be more subtle: if they’re comforting a
grieving family member, they may be doing so in order to get that person to
reveal something important. Ask the player if you’re unsure: “Are you trying
to trigger the Meddling Move here?”
The Occult Move
This move should be used very infrequently and, in fact, it’s quite danger-
ous to use at all—a 9 or lower will put a Maven one step closer to retire-
ment. The text of the move should be enough to dissuade most players, but
you might go one step further and require that the Mavens have a strong
fictional justification for attempting something of an occult nature. Maybe
they need to find the instructions for a ritual before they can attempt mag-
ic, or perhaps they need to find a special set of tarot cards before they can
attempt divination.
When writing new moves, be willing to give the player what they want,
but make sure they understand the consequences of failure might be very
high indeed—a high reward means a high risk. For example, if they want
to write a move that allows the Mavens to summon demon-like servitors
to help them battle the monstrous children of Persephone, perhaps the
26
The Keeper
downside of the move is they have to give up their immortal soul to do so,
or even do battle with the demon after it has served its purpose!
If you’re unsure how to proceed when it comes to writing new moves,
the best way to get started is to simply make a very fictionally-specific ver-
sion of The Night Move, one that has a detailed miss result and that disre-
gards the player-Keeper negotiation. Here’s a basic framework:
When you [do the thing that triggers the move], roll with Sensitivity.
On a 10+, you [succeed at whatever you were trying to do]. Describe it.
On a 7–9, [you succeed at what you were trying to do] but [very specific
complication or cost]. The Keeper describes it.
On a miss, [very strong, specific cost]. The Keeper describes it.
Here’s an example of the framework in action:
When you attempt to summon a demon servitor to your side, roll
with Sensitivity.
On a 10+, the demon appears and will serve you for a time. Describe it.
On a 7–9, the demon appears and will serve you for a time, but will
require a blood sacrifice as payment for its services.
On a miss, the demon appears but is not bound to you.
Clues and Void Clues
The Clues listed for each mystery are written to be fairly diverse and flex-
ible—you should be able to find something that fits the situation. Impor-
tantly, you can make adjustments to the Clues so that they make sense
in the context of the investigation. Consider the Clue “Instructions to cut
someone out of a will.” These could be literal instructions, such as written
correspondence to a lawyer a Maven finds on someone’s desk, but perhaps
the Maven learns this detail in a conversation with the person who was cut
out of the will.
27
The Keeper
Additionally, it may be important to provide extra context for the Clue.
Using the example above, it will be important to know, at a minimum, who
is being cut out of the will. The text of the Clue doesn’t tell you that—it’s on
you to provide those details when you reveal it. When providing that extra
context, be careful you don’t automatically solve the mystery or otherwise
discourage further investigation.
Sometimes a Clue has a natural follow-up question the Mavens will
want the answer to. In that case, let them do The Day Move or The Night
Move to find the answer—or just give it to them if it would be fairly easy to
come by—and then change the text of the Clue to reflect the new informa-
tion. Do not count the new information as a new Clue. An example:
The Mavens find the following Clue: “A sequence of numbers written
on a slip of paper.” They decide they want to know what the numbers mean
and so they take them to an expert who explains the numbers are most
likely the combination to a safe. The Keeper then rewrites the Clue to re-
flect this new information: “A slip of paper with the combination to a safe
on it.”
Theorize
The text of the move says “When the Mavens have an open, freewheeling
discussion...” but, in practice, this discussion is being had by the players,
not the Mavens, and, as the Keeper, you have a role to play, too. You should
feel free to offer your own thoughts, challenge the assumptions being
made, and interrogate theories that fail to account for certain Clues. If a
player is being demure during this process, cut in and ask them for their
opinion on things. If a player is dominating the conversation, go around
and confirm with the other players that they agree with what the dominant
player is suggesting. Importantly, you need to guide the conversation to a
consensus so a die roll can take place.
Another important job you have during Theorize is to invite the players
to offer critical context to the discussion of Clues. The Clues they have gath-
ered will frequently seem disjointed or incongruent with one another—and
that’s by design, so they can be used flexibly. Encourage the players to add
the context necessary to make the Clues fit their theory. For example, if
the Mavens found a severed finger during an investigation, and they are
leaning toward accusing a character named Elena, they need to account
for how the finger might be connected to Elena (after all, a severed finger
is a difficult Clue to ignore). The conversation may turn to the idea that
whoever killed the victim had a finger cleaved off in the struggle, and so if
Elena is missing a finger, she definitely did it. Very likely, no one thought
28
The Keeper
to look at Elena’s hands during the investigation, but during Theorize, it’s
ok for an incriminating detail like this to be added to the fiction. And so, a
player might suggest that Elena was always seen wearing gloves, and that
might be how she hides her wound. As the Keeper, you should encourage
this kind of “ret-conning” of the established fiction so the players can arrive
at a theory of the crime that incorporates most or all of the Clues.
A Cozy Little Place
Look for opportunities to let players add items to the Cozy Little Place sec-
tion of their character sheets. If an object is particularly memorable during
the mystery, or if the Maven goes through the trouble to find something
strange or rare, invite the player of the Maven most closely associated with
the object to add it to their Cozy Little Place.
When it comes to Mavens actually using items in the Cozy Little Place,
you will need to remind the players about this, especially during the first
couple of sessions. So, if a die roll is coming up—especially one where the
stakes are high—ask the player how something from their Cozy Little Place
might be helpful so they can get an advantage (or negate a disadvantage).
Running Brindlewood Bay as a one-shot
Sometimes you only have one session to play Brindlewood Bay, perhaps
because you are running it at a convention or as a short diversion for your
regular group. To run the game as a one-shot, simply follow the Session
One Procedure at the end of this text but lower your chosen mystery’s com-
plexity to 4 or 5. A complexity of 4 or 5 is high enough to present a chal-
lenge but low enough to make it very likely the mystery can get solved in
one sitting.
No matter what, when you have about half an hour remaining in the
session, wrap up whatever scene is taking place and then go straight to
Theorize. If the Theorize move goes poorly, end the session on a cliffhang-
er and explain to the players you would pick up the mystery in a hypothet-
ical Session Two.
Certain aspects of the game, such as the dark conspiracy and putting
on a Crown, won’t have as much significance in a one-shot. You should still
play things out as-written so that participants get a sense of the game’s
tone and what a longer campaign would be like.
29
The Keeper
Maven moves
Below is Keeper advice for some of the trickier Maven moves.
Dale Cooper
This move requires a bit of improvisation from you, especially if it was
chosen as part of character creation. You will need to open each session by
narrating the Maven’s creepy dream. Fortunately, the dreams don’t have to
make sense—they just need to be strange and unsettling. Think about the
content of these dreams between sessions so you’re not fumbling around
with the details in the heat of the moment. You might even head over to
YouTube and watch some choice scenes from Twin Peaks to get inspired.
Importantly: do not forget to reveal a Void Clue!
Milton Hardcastle
“Extrajudicial punishment” doesn’t necessarily mean harsh punishment.
Make sure the player of the Maven with this move understands this. It
would seriously break tone if the Maven in question pulled out a gun and
shot a murder suspect in an act of ruthless vigilantism. Perhaps, instead,
the Maven swipes some stock certificates belonging to the killer and gives
them to the victim’s family as an unofficial form of restitution. Or perhaps
a Maven publishes the killer’s prized salsa recipe on the internet for all to
enjoy. The Milton Hardcastle move is designed to show the Maven’s rebel-
lious streak, but it should be a rebelliousness that is appropriate for an
elderly do-gooder.
Additionally, “wrongdoer” doesn’t necessarily mean the killer. It can
be any character who has done something worthy of retribution. For exam-
ple, if Gordon Thune, the local banker, is trying to foreclose on a poor old
widow’s home, perhaps the Maven whips up a publicity campaign meant to
embarrass the bank. Or perhaps snooty June Willoughby has been spread-
ing malicious gossip around town, and the Maven decides to punish her by
telling the Brindlewood Bay Homeowners Association about her unautho-
rized lawn ornaments.
Angus MacGyver
You are free to overrule any suggestion from a player that is just plain im-
plausible or could be chalked up to pure luck. For example, if the Maven is
trying to break into someone’s home and they trigger the Angus MacGyver
move, you should overrule the player who says the Maven finds a key to the
front door somewhere in the environment. Finding a key to the front door
is not improvising, it’s dumb luck.
30
The Keeper
Nevertheless, be flexible. Maybe something offered is a bit of a stretch,
but it gets a good reaction at the table—go with it. Perhaps the player using
the move proposes a plan that pushes against the boundaries of physics
or good sense, but that they’re otherwise excited about—go with it. It won’t
break the game if things get a little hokey or gonzo from time to time.
Rick & A.J.
If a player chooses this move, you have a new, exciting avenue for Keeper
reactions at your disposal. When that player gets into a jam, have their sib-
ling show up, rescue them, and then never let them forget it. Alternatively,
have the sibling get into some kind of trouble that distracts the Mavens
from an active mystery. Importantly: by choosing this move, the player has
signaled to you that they want this sibling character to be a major part of
the story, even if they’re occasionally troublesome.
Jim Rockford
Like the Dale Cooper move, this move requires some improvisation from
you, especially if it’s chosen during character creation. Think about this
move between sessions so you aren’t fumbling around in the heat of the
moment. Importantly, this move represents a side story for the Maven who
has it. Have fun with it: the messages don’t need to make much sense in
the beginning, they merely need to give the Maven some sort of task. The
more cryptic, the better, especially at the start. Over time, the tasks can
start to logically flow from one another or the motives of the caller can
start to come into focus. As the Maven collects marks on her Crown of the
Void, the tasks should become more shocking or ominous. The key to this
move is the tasks be unconnected to any mystery, past or present, though
they may start to tie into the dark conspiracy at some point, as you see fit.
The identity of the caller should never be revealed.
The Dark Conspiracy
One of your major responsibilities, especially in a game that lasts more
than a few sessions, is to track and reveal the dark conspiracy of the Mid-
wives of the Fragrant Void. The Midwives aren’t a major part of the story in
the first few sessions of Brindlewood Bay. They will start to become more
prevalent around Session Four or Five. Eventually, a distinct switch will
take place and the Mavens’ principal concern will be the cult’s scheming.
This culminates in the Void Mystery, wherein a final encounter between
the Mavens and the Midwives takes place.
31
The Keeper
You will use the Dark Conspiracy sheet
to track the number of Void Clues the Ma-
vens have turned up, and which parts of
the conspiracy can be revealed at any giv-
en time. The sheet is divided into “layers,”
and as each new layer is uncovered, the el-
ements detailed within that layer are avail-
able to be shared with the Mavens (usually
through The Meddling Move or Theorize),
or can be used to inspire reactions that hin-
der or endanger the Mavens.
The final layer is the Void Mystery. This
special mystery isn’t a murder mystery, but
rather a mystery about the final ritual the
If the Dale Cooper move
and/or the Fox Mulder
move are in play, the dark
conspiracy will be of more
immediate concern to the
Mavens, and the Void
Mystery will come about
a little quicker. If you don’t
want to introduce aspects
of the dark conspiracy so
early in your game, you
can simply make these
moves unavailable at the
start.
Midwives need to complete in order to
bring forth a child of Persephone. Solving this mystery means stopping the
Midwives from completing the ritual. The Keeper is responsible for writing
the Void Mystery.
Writing the Void mystery
Don’t be intimidated by the idea of writing the Void Mystery. Many aspects
of the Void Mystery are similar to those of a regular murder mystery, and
by the time you are ready to write the Void Mystery, you will be so expe-
rienced with Brindlewood Bay, and will have compiled so many interest-
ing facts about the Midwives, coming up with details for this final mys-
tery should be pretty easy. Additionally, you can simply populate the Void
Mystery with many details from the previous mysteries, perhaps slightly
recontextualized.
Preliminary steps
At the outset, you need to decide on two key details:
• Which child of Persephone are the Midwives trying to bring into the
world? What’s it called (the Render of All Flesh, the Prismatic Lord, the
Deepness, or something else)? What does it look like? What calamity will
befall the world should the Midwives succeed?
• Which non-player character reveals the existence of the final ritual to the
Mavens? Pick a character from a past mystery, someone with connections
or someone who is in a place to do some research. Alternatively, if a Ma-
ven has the Dale Cooper move, the Fox Mulder move, or the Jim Rockford
move, the existence of the final ritual can be revealed via a dream, the
informant, or the answering machine character, respectively.
32
The Keeper
Elements of the Void Mystery
• Give the Void Mystery a title. Something ominous that references the
name of the child of Persephone is a good place to start.
• The Void Mystery has a complexity rating of 10.
• Decide how to present the mystery. It can be as easy as the character
chosen in the preliminary steps simply showing up to a Murder Mavens
meeting and telling them what’s going on (or the Mavens are told in one
of the optional, move-based manners from the preliminary steps). When
presenting the mystery, give the Mavens one or two names of cast charac-
ters, or one or two locations of interest, so they have something to work
with in the beginning.
• There is no establishing question for the Void Mystery
• Decide on the cast (in a normal mystery, these characters are called Sus-
pects). Ten or so characters is a good number here. You can create new
characters, but feel free to use characters from the Dark Conspirators
section of the dark conspiracy sheet, characters from past mysteries, or
recurring characters in and around Brindlewood Bay. For new charac-
ters, be sure to jot down some descriptive notes.
• Choose four or five Paint the Scene locations, perhaps from previous
mysteries, but give them all the same Paint the Scene question: In what
way has this place been affected by the dark magic of the Midwives?
• Make a list of twenty clues. The clues can be new to this mystery or can
be unused clues from previous mysteries. In the latter case, you may need
to recontextualize them a bit.
Theorize (Void Mystery Version)
Theorize works similarly here, but with the following adjustments:
• The “solution” to the mystery is the time, location, and manner of the final
ritual needed to summon the child of Persephone.
• There is no 12+ result.
33
Session 1 Procedure
Session 1 Procedure
1. Read the game and gather play materials
The Keeper should read these rules in their entirety and then gather the
materials needed for the first play session. You will need:
• At least two 6-sided dice, though more is better.
• Index cards to make character name tents.
• Writing utensils.
• Enough character sheets for each player to have one.
• At least one reference sheet, but one per player is better.
• At least one Maven moves sheet.
• The mystery sheet for the chosen mystery (“Dad Overboard” is recom-
mended for your first session).
• The dark conspiracy sheet.
2. Player and Keeper introductions
Going around the table, each participant should state their name, their
pronouns, and anything else the group might find interesting about them.
3. CATS
CATS is an acronym that stands for Concept, Aim, Tone, and Subject Mat-
ter. It is usually presented by the Keeper and helps to establish some basic
expectations for how the game is going to proceed. It’s also a low-stakes
way for the Keeper to get accustomed to being in the spotlight.
If you’re the Keeper, you can develop your own CATS for Brindlewood Bay,
or simply read the following aloud:
“Concept: Brindlewood Bay is a roleplaying game about a group of elderly
women—members of the local Murder Mavens mystery book club—who
frequently find themselves investigating (and solving!) real-life murder
mysteries. They become increasingly aware that there are supernatural
forces that connect the cases they are working on and, in particular, a cult
dedicated to the dark, monstrous aspect of the goddess Persephone will
come to vex them. The game is directly inspired by the television show
Murder, She Wrote, but also takes inspiration from the works of H.P. Love-
craft, ‘cozy’ crime dramas, and American TV shows from the ‘70s, ‘80s,
and ‘90s.”
35
Session 1 Procedure
“Aim: Today we’re going to begin by creating characters. After we create
characters, we’ll introduce them and populate a special section on the
character sheet called A Cozy Little Place. After that, we’ll take a short
break. When we come back from the break, we’ll have a Beginning of Ses-
sion procedure, a special set of scenes called Cozy Vignettes, and then I’ll
present the mystery your characters will be investigating. After that, we’ll
begin regular play. At the end of the session, we’ll have a short debrief. In
future sessions, I’ll present new mysteries near the beginning of the ses-
sion and we’ll dive right into regular play.”
“Tone: The tone of this game bounces between the cozy and the creepy.
Most of the time, it will be fairly lighthearted, but occasionally it will get
very dark and menacing. Some kitschy, campy humor is permissible here—
and very much in keeping with some of the game’s inspirations—but above
all, your characters should take everything they do very seriously, even if
we’re having a bit of a laugh from time to time.”
“Subject Matter: The subject matter may occasionally get dark and chal-
lenging, especially when the dark cult rears its head. In order to help en-
sure no one’s fun is ruined by triggering subject matter, we’re going to be
using the following safety tools…”
For that last part, you should then explain the different safety tools that will
be in use. The author of this game prefers Lines & Veils and the X-card, but
you can use whatever tools your group is comfortable with.
CATS is a creation of Patrick O’Leary, slightly modified for these rules.
4. Character Creation
Here are the steps for character creation. Everyone can do these steps as
they wish, but should stop when they get to the section of their character
sheet called A Cozy Little Place.
1. Circle a Name and think of a surname
2. Circle a Style
3. Circle a Cozy Activity (no two Mavens can have the same cozy activity).
4. Assign 1 point to one of the abilities and then note the final ability mod-
ifiers.
5. Choose a Maven move from the Maven Moves sheet (no two Mavens
can share the same Maven move in the beginning, and the Dale Cooper
move and the Fox Mulder move cannot both be chosen).
6. Wait for everyone else to be finished.
36
Session 1 Procedure
5. Character Introductions and A Cozy Little Place
Go around the table and have every player introduce their Murder Maven
by Name, Style, Cozy Activity, and Maven move.
Then, go around the table again and have each player describe three key
aspects of their Maven’s earlier life:
• Their deceased partner.
• Their children, if any (pets are ok here, too)
• Their career before they retired to Brindlewood Bay.
After a player discusses each of the three points above, the other players
and Keeper should then name one object that can be found in their home
in Brindlewood Bay. The player should note these objects on the part of
their character sheet called A Cozy Little Place. By the end of this process,
there should be between three and five objects in the player’s Cozy Little
Place. If needed, someone can name more than one object.
6. Break
Take a five minute break so everyone can get a drink of water and think a
bit about their character.
7. Beginning of Session
Each player should now mark two End of Session questions in addition to
the first, which is always marked. If any characters have Maven moves that
fire off at the beginning of a session, resolve them now.
8. Cozy Vignettes
Each player narrates a short vignette showing their Maven enjoying her
life in Brindlewood Bay. These scenes should be light and breezy or warm
and cozy; they should show the Maven enjoying her hobbies, helping with
a community project, or working around her home.
9. The Keeper Presents a Mystery
The Keeper will frame one or more scenes in which a murder mystery is
introduced to the Mavens. The Keeper will also inform the players of the
mystery’s complexity rating, from 6 to 8. The presentation will include an
establishing question that closely ties one or more Mavens to the mystery.
37
Session 1 Procedure
10. Investigation
The bulk of the session will be taken up by the Murder Mavens’ investiga-
tion of the mystery. The players can pursue any leads their Mavens might
be interested in, or they can request downtime scenes in which we see
the Mavens bonding with each other or members of the community. The
Keeper should call for breaks throughout, as needed. Note that the Mavens
may not solve the mystery this session and that’s ok—it carries over to the
next session.
11. Crown Scenes
There are two special sections on the character sheet: The Crown of
the Queen and The Crown of the Void. When text from those sections is
marked during play, the player of the Maven in question must do as the text
instructs. This frequently means narrating a very specific type of scene.
Players can narrate such scenes whenever they wish, but must do so be-
fore the end of the session. When there are about fifteen minutes remain-
ing in the scheduled play time, the Keeper should wrap up whatever scene
is taking place and then call for Crown scenes that have not yet taken place.
12. End of Session Questions
Go around the table and have each player read aloud their marked End
of Session questions. For each one they answer “Yes” to, they mark 1 XP.
13. Stars & Wishes
The Keeper and players should take a few minutes to share their stars and
wishes. Stars are things about the session the participant enjoyed. Wishes
are things they hope to see in the next session.
38